[GH-1309] Correct Attachments documentation (#1324)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/reference/message-attachments/_index.md

Yes, you can use the {{< newtabref href="https://api.mattermost.com/#operation/CreatePost" title="create post RESTful API" >}}.

You need to add an `attachments` key to the post’s `props` JSON field. The value is an array of message attachments you want attached to the post. See below for an example curl command.

`curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"channel_id":"qmd5oqtwoibz8cuzxzg5ekshgr", "message":"Test message #testing", "attachments": [{"pretext": "This is the attachment pretext.","text": "This is the attachment text."}]}' https://{your-mattermost-site}/api/v4/posts`

Below is an example HTTP request:

```http request
POST /api/v4/posts HTTP/1.1
Host: {your-mattermost-site}
User-Agent: curl/7.63.0
Accept: */*
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 192

{"channel_id":"qmd5oqtwoibz8cuzxzg5ekshgr", "message":"Test message #testing", "attachments": [{"pretext": "This is the attachment pretext.","text": "This is the attachment text."}]}
```

### Can I post a message attachment using a webhook?

> Yes, you can also use the {{< newtabref href="https://api.mattermost.com/#operation/CreatePost" title="create post RESTful API" >}} to post a message attachment using a webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can also use an [incoming webhook]({{< ref "/integrate/webhooks/incoming" >}}) to post a message attachment.
```

You need to add an `attachments` key to the post's JSON. The value is an array of message attachments you want attached to the post. See below for an example curl command.

> `curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"text":"Test message #testing", "attachments": [{"pretext": "This is the attachment pretext.","text": "This is the attachment text."}]}' https://{your-mattermost-site}/api/v4/posts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`curl -i -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"text":"Test message #testing", "attachments": [{"pretext": "This is the attachment pretext.","text": "This is the attachment text."}]}' https://{your-mattermost-site}/hooks/{your-webhook-id}`
```

Below is an example HTTP request:

```http request

> POST /api/v4/posts HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POST /hooks/{your-webhook-id} HTTP/1.1
```
